welcome to game life here I bring you
another video guys and this time we're in
multiplayer of halo 4 this time is not what
that we usually play what I have brought more
to the channel that is infinity murderer this
once is a game of regicide a way
whom I have been fond of a little while ago
because there was a weekly challenge a
weekly challenge of war games
in which you had to get 80
requisitios that is to kill the king in these
Regicide games if someone does not know
how is the king is good the king is who
takes more score of the game already me
you have given me several interesting shots
good the one that takes more score of the
regicide games is what is the
king
leave marquitas on the map to know
where it is at the moment we do not see any
Mark now you will see it because nobody will
killed nobody but the one that
score carries as I tell you is the king
and we have special bonuses for
kill him if he kills a lot for example
good good good good
fatal good we keep guys and the
marquita del rey good help with the
reviewer just charged the king has
reappeared out there
the more the king kills the one who carries more
score the reward increasing
Right now, as you can see, he has 20
reward I will try to kill him
yes sir regicide well is perfect no
no no no no no no no no no no
I do not know how I do not know how I had
come out that and this that taking advantage of
shield down there is has reappeared
just and perfect good as I tell you and the
truth is that it is a way that is
surprising the truth is that it is at
least I thought it was a bit
addictive and maybe he has a little
more action than team duels
as they are a murderer by infinity yes that
I'm liking a little bit more is
pretty funny how is it all against
all because the truth is that they would be
incredible here I have one marked
out there it's worth I have I go there
and as I say the challenges, I'm going
looking from time to time good perfect
great they are not giving me all
sides
escapes the king bonus of 35
I have to load melo already
as I say I'm playing quite
regicide for that challenge always
I try to emphasize that the
challenges at least to level up
to climb the experience of truth
that are very good so yes that
I would recommend that you take a look at
once in a while to the good there good
great there are challenges to the best that are
daily war games diaries
even monthly there are some like me
that one had to earn certain hundred
I do not know how many games the monthly
so I was trying to get
good a record that good with the
granada equal I am the king yes sir as
I mean, I was trying to get that
weekly challenge that I think gives
quite experience and total we do not take long
nothing in getting 80 regicide is
throwing several games we are killing the
good king in a week not in the temple
to get it
well they are giving me for all
endorsements that I am the king I have to have
more careful is no longer the king and if
you see guys you can see the
difference of score that I have
with which is the king I have 115 for
example now and the 130 and has a
reward of 20 so I charge it and
I am the king yes sir no no no no no me
they are coming here all
I believe that at least in these modes of
game that is the king never gets bored
because because how is the marquita and
everybody comes for you because the
truth is that they would be incredible
look here as they come to me they are all
shooting from afar even good no
I know if
today I do not know how to do it right when I'm
the king the truth I do not have so much
experience in this game mode but
yes it's funny I've been called a lot
I recommend that if you have not
played good we killed each other at the same time
incredible I love these things from
gelu 42 the deaths to the bird the shots to
head at the same time that kind of thing
it's very good
if you do not open what I said if you have not
tried regicide I would recommend that you
you try because the truth that is very
well as you see, there is practically no
a second that is if we go without being
shooting standing is here pretty
impossible and less being the king as
I am now good I am watching very released
until then good the good grenade good
good
so I've caught sight I promise that
it's one thing that I like
I have taken the promised view because
example when I'm the king yes that is
quite interesting to see through
the walls to defend yourself from the people
that comes for you because the truth is
what is good good good is good
complicated because in addition if you kill one
Well, it usually comes back, you have those
marquitas as I tell you that they come out in all
the good map has stuck on yes sir
to see my shield comes more people come
good good good good good
good good good and he starts to kill him
A has killed him double death
Fortunately for great slaughter that
uncle has set out to murder the other
because if he had not died
very good they have in mind or not or what
You say, I have not seen them, my mother. How bad
good luck I'm still the king if I'm
ten points away from the one who follows me like that
that we are going well I will see where we are going
around here for example how they see the mission
good good that shot has given me
one that was on the roof
As you can see people are usually grouped in
areas of the map and it's quite complicated
good good and the regime is out there
removed what from the king
when we are in zones so there are
pretty people grouped the truth is that
it's quite complicated to get out alive
worth a downcast of 15 points and a help
with the king and good good good good
good good good
a rocket launcher see for small fields
you have to try regicide I think
as you see a lot of action we are going to
see how we can finish this game
so I recommend you have a lot
be careful when you are the drei yo
Now I'm not, I'm 30
points of the king
and it's going to be quite complicated to go back to
be king but now we see it either
it seems that the king kills a lot has a
bonus of 25 so I'll go to
for him I can not killed him good good
Well, I removed all the shield, I think
yes he received day 5 to 5 of that king
Good, good, I get on, I get on, they kill me
where they kill
from behind good good people there are three or
four one shooting from far away good
I have to kill the king whatever it is guys
good good good good good if you
pay the state
God has an advantage of 30 very
important always go to or at least
try to kill the king and always good
Here they already sting me but I've taken
the bonus of this already five points
of winning guys is 300 points
I'm going to go super fast to give up a help
to whatever I do not know where there are people worth
there's one there
try to catch him I have not been given
nothing good good the one that follows me only
he took 10 points could he win if I
kill me right now for example good
good good good good good things
is rolling
the victory head so sir guys that
good has gone well good good good
I won but for very little guys
see how I was following the
heels this guy who was called
madness or something like that and what else to say
Well, nothing, guys, the truth is that
departure I liked it, I hope
that if you do not play this kind of
Regicide mode , try it
what incredible games the experience
that have given me to win look 2,793
good rise of level and everything at level 27
as I say I hope you liked it
they just left like if you want more
videos of multiplayer Halo 4 their
for more videos and nothing I hope soon
let's see each other in new videos with this
must be saying goodbye
then